To improve tracking of who did what, we've borrowed the "sign-off"
procedure from the Linux kernel project on patches that are being
emailed around. Although core GIT is a lot smaller project it is a good
discipline to follow it.

The sign-off is a simple line at the end of the explanation for the
patch, which certifies that you wrote it or otherwise have the right to
pass it on as a open-source patch. The rules are pretty simple: if you
can certify the below:

        Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

        By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

        (a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
            have the right to submit it under the open source license
            indicated in the file; or

        (b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
            of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
            license and I have the right under that license to submit that
            work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
            by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
            permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
            in the file; or

        (c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
            person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified
            it.

(d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
this project or the open source license(s) involved.

then you just add a line saying

Signed-off-by: Random J Developer <random@developer.example.org>

This line can be automatically added by git if you run the git-commit
command with the -s option.

Notice that you can place your own Signed-off-by: line when
forwarding somebody else's patch with the above rules for
D-C-O. Indeed you are encouraged to do so. Do not forget to
place an in-body "From: " line at the beginning to properly attribute
the change to its true author (see (2) above).

Also notice that a real name is used in the Signed-off-by: line. Please
don't hide your real name.

If you like, you can put extra tags at the end:

1. "Reported-by:" is used to credit someone who found the bug that
   the patch attempts to fix.
2. "Acked-by:" says that the person who is more familiar with the area
   the patch attempts to modify liked the patch.
3. "Reviewed-by:", unlike the other tags, can only be offered by the
   reviewer and means that she is completely satisfied that the patch
   is ready for application. It is usually offered only after a
   detailed review.
4. "Tested-by:" is used to indicate that the person applied the patch
   and found it to have the desired effect.

You can also create your own tag or use one that's in common usage
such as "Thanks-to:", "Based-on-patch-by:", or "Mentored-by:".

===

Shamelessly stolen from the Git commit
fa678feb7ca12e306e2eaeb0078028505ab3318a
